Hello guys
I am jonas barbosa in that through
android make a brief brief review
summary of samsung galaxy s2 its version
android 4.1.2
the original version for Brazil speaks a
bit of our main screen was little
addressed to I think so we have
now the recourse to reorganize our
applications within folders
one innovation that I could perceive is that
in the folders
in this main screen we have a
preview the applications that are there
inside
with this we can reorganize to
have faster access even easier
what's inside your folders
making it even more sophisticated
If you like me I like to organize everything
in folders with their respective subjects
It's much easier but nice too.
and organize a legal part also that
I found through our native player it
has a function called a music room
he takes our library that analyzes
the songs based on the feeling that
you are indisposed
so you can choose from one
feeling for the other to do on a slide
on and he went with it to
music of color by the way we
We choose to do a test here
exciting to merry
he pulls the songs through my
library
well cool, I already use the time and I like
enough
It's very cool.
so people referring to that
update is that there are many users of
s2 only here on the portal that has
enough comment that they do not know this
version
how official is she is yes official came to
from samsung itself and what happens
is that it is directly from the manufacturer
this device was directly purchased
from the samsung store and with that he does not
was not associated with any
operator here in Brazil the largest case
of appliances that are sold to large
The majority is from operators and
operators receive this update
is the carrier software to receive the
update requires a course of the
and this does not always happen.
I do not know or do not
update but it is something that is
carrier discretion
there is a way for you to get the
software is unlocked right unhitched the
operator so that you can make your
update
but this I'll address in another post
I hope you liked it, you can comment
see you next time
Many thanks, Tchetcha.